Fixed #22828 -- Documented ModelAdmin getters returning class attributes. (#18617)
django/django: docs/ref/contrib/admin/index.txt

    See also :ref:`saving-objects-in-the-formset`.

.. warning::

    All hooks that return a ``ModelAdmin`` property return the property itself

>     rather than a copy of their values. Dynamically modifying this value can
>     lead to surprising results.
> 
>     Let's take :meth:`ModelAdmin.get_readonly_fields` as an example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    rather than a copy of its value. Dynamically modifying this value can lead
    to surprising results. Let's take :meth:`ModelAdmin.get_readonly_fields` as
    an example::
```
(sorry I made a grammar mistake)

        class PersonAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):

            def get_readonly_fields(request, obj=None):
                readonly = super().get_readonly_fields(request, obj)
                if not request.user.is_superuser:

>                     readonly.append("age")  # Edits the class attribute
> 
>                 return readonly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    readonly.append("age")  # Edits the class attribute.
                return readonly
```

    See also :ref:`saving-objects-in-the-formset`.

.. warning::

    All ``getter`` methods related to the ``ModelAdmin`` properties return 
    the properties themselves rather than a copy of their values. This
    is only an issue if you set the property in a class and then
    modify its current value dynamically inside a related method. 
    Let's take :meth:`ModelAdmin.get_readonly_fields` as an example::

        class PersonAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):
            readonly_fields = ["name"]

            def get_readonly_fields(request, obj=None):
                readonly = super().get_readonly_fields(request, obj)
                if not request.user.is_superuser:
                    readonly.append("age")  # Edits the class attribute

                return readonly

    This will result in ``"age"`` being added to 
    the ``PersonAdmin.readonly_fields`` each time 
    a non-superuser visits this admin page and you
    might end up with ``readonly_fields = ["name", "age", "age", ...]``

>     even for a **superuser**.

Author: Thank you for your time and the feedback! I absolutely agree with the changes you proposed. Should we still recommend a safer way to do that in this case? If so, would something like that work?
```suggestion 
A safer approach would be to work on a copy of the property.
Based on the example above::
    from copy import copy

    class PersonAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):

        def get_readonly_fields(request, obj=None):
            readonly_base = super().get_readonly_fields(request, obj)
            readonly = copy(readonly_base)  # use deepcopy() for nested properties
            ...
```

    See also :ref:`saving-objects-in-the-formset`.

.. warning::

    All hooks that return a ``ModelAdmin`` property return the property itself
    rather than a copy of its value. Dynamically modifying the value can lead
    to surprising results.

    Let's take :meth:`ModelAdmin.get_readonly_fields` as an example::

        class PersonAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):

>             readonly_fields = ["name"]

Reviewer: I added these back in, as after testing found that `readonly_fields` is an empty tuple by default (and therefore immutable) - sorry about that
